hello everybody don't blink here again
with another battlefield bad company 2
gameplay commentary for you guys and
today we're doing a little live
commentary good old-fashioned live
commentary oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh double spread I was scary quite a
momentous introduction to this video
though so pull you guys like that but I
was going to do a squad deathmatch on
Vietnam but there was only one Vietnam
server that I could see that had anyone
in it at all and it was located in the
Netherlands and there were only two
people on the server so i decided to not
do that because it probably would not
have been very interesting and there are
only five kids left in this match for my
team but there's only one left the
leading team so we're probably not going
to win this Wow but if we do win this
it'll be the shortest live commentary i
will have ever done we're actually won
all right at least I think it would be
I'm getting awfully close to that level
50 mark getting kind of excited about it
be honest
it'll be a pretty momentous occasion
when that goes down will be a very
excited person i must say gosh I just
saw somebody over there scared
oh my gosh oh and apparently this is the
57 kills what's that about
oh my gosh oh my gosh my gosh oh I'm
terrified right now oh my god oh my San
aid that was pretty pretty badass so
this is a very close match with my
witness we might not who knows I have no
idea why the kill limit would be set to
57 kills that seems like a very random
number maybe the person who inputted the
kill limit has dyslexia and they wanted
it to be 75 not quite sure on that very
strange in my opinion but does mean that
we still have a chance at winning this
thing which would be nice it's currently
tied oh my gosh with two kills left I
got a race for these final kills get out
of here get out of here
that's not gonna make it dang it darn it
darn it darn it get out of here that's
what I'm talking about that's how you do
a live commentary oh man hope you guys
enjoyed I went 9 in one so pretty good
in my opinion I mean I joined with very
very few kills left so what guys enjoyed
if you did please give it a thumbs up
and I will see you guys later bye